#1 resources, svgs of arch, contributors/instructors, says senior pro… (#2)
unr-deaddrop/unr-deaddrop.github.io: pages/contributors.md

---
title: Contributors
layout: default
has_children: false
---

# Meet the Team

### Jann Arellano
Jann responsible for the Django backend due to his full-stack development and data analytics experience.
### Brian Buslon
Brian is resposible for for the Svelte frontend (both its visual design and implementation) due to his graphic design and web development experience.
### Keaton Clark
Keaton is resposible for the messaging model and the research and development of each communication protocol.
### Lloyd Gonzales
Lloyd is responsible for the implementation of agents due to his experience in malware research and general cybersecurity knowledge.

# Advisor

### Shamik Sengupta

> Shamik is a professor at the University of Nevada, Reno

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dr. Sengupta is a professor at the University of Nevada, Reno.
```

# Instructors

### Sara Davis

### David Feil-Seifer

### Devrin Lee

> ### Vinh Lee

Reviewer: misspelled

```suggestion
### Vinh Le
```

Reviewer: also i don't believe Vinh is counted as an instructor anyways, I think this should be removed (see the canvas homepage, he and Zach are TAs)
